Project-Vector/README.md, before:

# Project Vector

Built off [template-p5-project](https://github.com/pippinbarr/cart253/tree/master/templates/template-p5-project) provided by [Pippin Barr](https://github.com/pippinbarr). Makes use of the [P5.js](https://p5js.org/) library. Made as part of the Creative Computation I & II (CART 253 & 263) courseworks.

This is a platformer game with a focus on speed. The goal is to navigate levels in the shortest amount of time possible.

Play it [here](https://atienn.github.io/Personal/Project-Vector/).



## Music
All music used is royalty-free.

Tracks:
- [AIRGLOW - Blueshift](https://open.spotify.com/album/08kV4nhdlCBbCWt9fO6AAa?highlight=spotify:track:7Glh11xQGaEbuw1M186WpK)
- [Floating Anarchy - Cyber Funk](https://open.spotify.com/album/6ababgJTbXJE7AF78JyQdk)
- [EVA - 失望した](https://open.spotify.com/track/5E4KvUjuwUfyuRIzVQwt7u?si=6a75a92b434345f8)
- [Aries Beats - Infinity](https://open.spotify.com/track/2kfBEU5s3dqc1RCtaOPuGh?si=5b6faf8f908d420e)
- [Neon.Deflector - Outpost X](https://open.spotify.com/album/0I1tvrpyiAJylAcEPLQ4uG?highlight=spotify:track:201W6jH0ZKmpihW4q4SzwT)

Commit message:

Cut down audio file size.
This should speed up loading times.

Project-Vector/README.md, after:

# Project Vector

Built off [template-p5-project](https://github.com/pippinbarr/cart253/tree/master/templates/template-p5-project) provided by [Pippin Barr](https://github.com/pippinbarr). Makes use of the [P5.js](https://p5js.org/) library for rendering and [P5.sound](https://p5js.org/reference/#/libraries/p5.sound) for audio file loading & playing. Initailly made as part of the Creative Computation I & II (CART 253 & 263) courseworks.

This is a platformer game with a focus on speed. The goal is to navigate levels in the shortest amount of time possible.

Play it [here](https://atienn.github.io/Personal/Project-Vector/). (It might take a while to load.)



## Music
All music used is royalty-free.

- [AIRGLOW - Blueshift](https://open.spotify.com/album/08kV4nhdlCBbCWt9fO6AAa?highlight=spotify:track:7Glh11xQGaEbuw1M186WpK)
- [Floating Anarchy - Cyber Funk](https://open.spotify.com/album/6ababgJTbXJE7AF78JyQdk)
- [EVA - 失望した](https://open.spotify.com/track/5E4KvUjuwUfyuRIzVQwt7u?si=6a75a92b434345f8)
- [Aries Beats - Infinity](https://open.spotify.com/track/2kfBEU5s3dqc1RCtaOPuGh?si=5b6faf8f908d420e)
- [Neon.Deflector - Outpost X](https://open.spotify.com/album/0I1tvrpyiAJylAcEPLQ4uG?highlight=spotify:track:201W6jH0ZKmpihW4q4SzwT)
